Update requirements for Elastic AI Assistant (#2764)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/ai/ai-assistant.md

::::

::::{admonition} Requirements
* {applies_to}`stack: ga` An [Enterprise subscription](https://www.elastic.co/pricing).

> * {applies_to}`serverless: ga` A [Security Analytics Complete subscription](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/project-settings.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {applies_to}`serverless: ga` An {{sec-serverless}} project with the [Security Analytics Complete feature tier](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/project-settings.md).
```
This is a feature tier, not a subscription - found a couple of other occurrences https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/issues/2768

Reviewer 2: The new EASE tier also supports assistant functionality.

* To use AI Assistant, the **Elastic AI Assistant : All** and **Actions and Connectors : Read** [privileges](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/kibana-privileges.md).
* To set up AI Assistant, the **Actions and Connectors : All** [privilege](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/kibana-privileges.md).

> * A [generative AI connector](/solutions/security/ai/set-up-connectors-for-large-language-models-llm.md), which AI Assistant uses to generate responses.

Reviewer 2: For the `Elastic Managed LLM`, the connector is already created and ready to go. Not sure if this is worth expanding here as it's the first thing the linked docs mention?

> * An [inference endpoint](/explore-analyze/machine-learning/nlp/ml-nlp-elser.md) and [Machine Learning node](/explore-analyze/machine-learning/setting-up-machine-learning.md).

Reviewer 2: Couple notes here:

The default inference endpoints provided are what are used out of the box (either `.elser-2-elasticsearch` as you linked or `.multilingual-e5-small-elasticsearch` coming up in 9.2) , so while necessary, they don't need to manually create one. The ML node being available (with enough memory) is sufficient.

And WRT the ML Node, this is implicit on serverless. ML Nodes + autoscaling are enabled by default, so they don't need to do anything other than be on the Security Complete/EASE tier.
